can you tell me the truth right but you
can't look fat in an x-ray
okay now you stay out here and you think
about what you did that's a duck that's
a bad duck not the thing go tonight Ross
you think nothing I there was this thing
at the Museum come on easy okay
now when you come back I hope you
remembered that that chick is not a toy
what is this thing I was kind of
supposed to be on TV tonight for the
Discovery Channel
oh my God why didn't you tell me that
because I knew that if I told you you'd
make me go and I knew you needed someone
to be with you tonight come on what but
is the sweetest thing
you should get some sleep
okay so I'm sorry I spoiled your evening
no that's it no as long as you're okay
so I'll uh I'll see you tomorrow yeah
see ya what did you do
to do it have a new swim chick chicks
don't swing
hey sure I don't know
should we try hey I told you they don't
swim